Start Page
On the start Page i use simple container where i puted:
*an image which will be on the graound smoothly at the click of the start button
*3 button : first for the start game which will take us to the game Page and the second will take us to the list of the best 5 highscores and the last one is the exit which will take us out of the game.
PS: Here i used js to control the mouvement of the undermarine to the bottom using setInterval on where each time it will increase the top realted to the time at that moment.









Game Page
I use here a container too to put the same image and style for the 4 pages where i puted differents canvas elements to draw our game:
First i 




IDEA:
make a 2d breakout game with many options for example the bricks are moving bricks . there are underwater animals moving . The background let you feel that you are just in the ocean or neben an aquarium especially with the animations of the bricks.


1. MAKING THE BRICKS: i make an array where i puted on differents rows mutiple underwater animals. It is an array for 4 rows and 12 columns.
i needed to make many functions to draw each sort of animals because for the animated fisch i needed to use setinterval to draw each 300ms a delphin with differents mouvement. i use here an png image with transparent background. i make the same thing for the shark.
For the octops and the fisch and shark and fishet i draw a simple image on the context.

2.DRAWING THE BALL:For the ball i make a function to draw a cercle filled and i call this function each 20ms using setTimeout 
and clear it each time with changing the x and y by adding a step

3.DRAWING THE PADDLE: i make a simple function to draw an image and add to it an event with the up and down key.

4. I make a coliision of the ball with thw wall and the bricks and the paddle.On this step w need to compare the x and y of the ball with the x and y of the paddle or the ball or the bricks.
the collision between the ball and the bricks was not easy especially with the animated bricks i needed to stop the setinterval and clear the context.






